Fix wording of how events should be registered. (#4805)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/service_workers/index.md

events allows the service wroker to lie dormant until those events are fired and prevents the
extension from missing important triggers.

> Make sure your event handlers are registered in global scope by not nesting them in functions.
> This ensures that they are registered synchronously on initial script execution and that
> Chrome dispatches events to the listener right after the service worker starts up.
> Notice that in this example the listener for creating bookmarks is at the top level of the script.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure your event handlers are registered in global scope by not nesting them in functions.
This ensures that they are registered synchronously on initial script execution, which Chrome
needs in order to dispatch events to the listener right after the service worker starts up.
Notice that in this example the listener for creating bookmarks is at the top level of the script.
```

> Make sure your event handlers are registered in global scope by not nesting them in functions.
> This ensures that they are registered synchronously on initial script execution. This is needed
> for Chrome to dispatch events to the listener right after the service worker starts up.
> Notice that in this example the listener for creating bookmarks is at the top level of the script.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure your event handlers are registered in global scope by not nesting them in functions.
This ensures that they are registered synchronously on initial script execution and that
Chrome dispatches events to the listener right after the service worker starts up.
Notice that in this example the listener for creating bookmarks is at the top level of the script.
```

events allows the service wroker to lie dormant until those events are fired and prevents the
extension from missing important triggers.

> Make sure your event handlers are registered in global scope by not nesting them in functions.
> Notice that in this example the listener for creating bookmarks is at the top level of the script.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure your event handlers are registered in global scope by not nesting them in functions.
This ensures that they are registered synchronously on initial script execution. This is needed
for Chrome to dispatch events to the listener right after the service worker starts up.
Notice that in this example the listener for creating bookmarks is at the top level of the script.
```
